																CASTLE OF MAGIC
...

??? - Muahahahaha!
??? - You can't do anything against me, little Wendy!

You wake up in the middle of a meadow after having that weird dream about a girl who seemed to be in danger
and you barely remember anything.

suddenly you hear someone yelling.
its a short man with grey hair.

Damian - Hey! Someone help me! Please! 
You - Hello ? who are you? what's going on?
Damian - Oh! Please! Listen to me! My little daughter Wendy has been kidnaped, I need your help!!
You -  Wendy...Could it be...?
Damian - Hurry up! But first find a way to get out of this forest...

by heading west you see a note that says: 
'To get out of the forest, use the portal you will find going to the east'

you head east and spot a blue portal.
you get in it takes you to the city town.

You -  Well, I guess I'll have to jump inside... (Press 'SHIFT' to use the portal)

You feel a powerful energy around the portal...

getting out of the portal you find yourself in a the second floor of a wood cabin

You - Hmm... Where am I?

Heading downstairs, you see a bearded man at the door and talk to him.

Roy - Welcome to the tavern! What brings you here young knight?
You - I'm looking for a girl that has been kidnaped, do you have any idea of where could I find her?
Roy - I'm afraid I cannot help you, but this is not a big town, go outside and look over there...
Roy - the Bridge is to the west, the Shipyard to the south and the Market to the east. Visit those places first...
Roy - and let me give you an advice: 'Pay attention to what you see'
You - Thank you! 


after a walk around the town and finding a piece of paper in the Shipyard, scissors in the Market and a rock in the Bridge
you finally spot it, the Castle.

You - Wait, this is Huge!

guarding the entrance, you see a blue eyed woman wearing a black cape.
She's surprised when you appear.

Ruth - Who dares approach the castle?
You - I'm looking for a young girl, I think she could be here...
Ruth - If you want to get inside you will have to beat me in my favorite game
You - What game?
Ruth - he game has already started, it's your turn
You - ...?

You realize she's talking about rock, papers,scissors and try to win

Ruth - You shall pass.

the door opens and you find a room that looks like the a courtyard, 
the blue stairs next to you catch your eye, where does it lead to? Maybe the girl is there!
in front of you, you find 2 boys blocking a wooden staircase heading to the next floor.
the boys look similar, they could even be twins.

Elden - Stand back!
Elden - Beat us in a game of Magic Cards to go upstairs.
Sheldon - Well said brother. Now let me see your card deck.
You - ...
Sheldon - You don't have a single card!? GO AWAY! Come back when you have a deck

You - I need to find a deck of cards to play...

You spot a chest at the back of the room but its locked but the key might be going down the blue stairs


Going downstairs in the end of the room, it seems to be that someone is in here
you approach it slowly and find out its a man with fair skin wearing a silver armor

Gunter - Who's there? Not the twins again, Please!
Gunter - Oh you're not them. Please help! Uncuff me!

You free him 

Gunter - Thanks buddy. I heard a young girl was kidnapped and came to rescue her but...
Gunter - I lost in the card game and the twins locked me up... They are crazy
You - Wait, did you play with them? So I guess you have cards
Gunter - Of course I have! But they took my card deck away... I don't know where it is...
Gunter - Wait, take these keys, they might be useful... And thank you! 

The key he gave you seems pretty similar to the lock of the chest, lets find out 

The keys Gunter gave you open the chest and...

Elden - Oh, I see you have a deck, now we can play!

You win them at their memory game.

Elden & Sheldon - You shall pass.

Once you get past them you find yourself in a room full of stairs when all of the sudden the stairs start moving!
it seems to be some kind of labyrinth.

You finally find your way out and enter the final room, its filled with windows and desks 
you see two people.

You - This is the place I saw in my dream...
You - Wait, Wendy is over there!

You run to the back to get a closer look and defeat the evil man with the purple eye

Kamek - Congratulations. Few people manage to reach here...
Kamek - Hmmm... Maybe you can entertain me for a while...
You - I'm here to rescue Wendy! Did you hurt her!?
Kamek - Shhh. Play. Now.

You have to play your last memory game, you're so close to winning you can almost taste victory!

Wendy - Woaah! You've won against Kamek!
You - Yes! And I am here to rescue you, so let's get out of h...
Wendy - Hahahahahaha. To rescue me! You are so funny Mr. Knighty
You - ...?
Wendy - It was me who wanted to come here...
Wendy - I love playing Magic Cards, and everybody knows that the Castle of Magic is where the best Card Players are...
Wendy - I am good at playing, but Kamek is too much for me... Well that's why he's one of the best... And you defeated him!
You - But... My dream... Your father... We thought you were in danger!!
Wendy - Bah! My father worries too much. He has to understand that I am no longer a kid. I'll be 12 this month!!
You - ...
Wendy - But please Mr Knighty, teach me how to play Magic Cards... Please Please Please...

Kamek - Well, congratulations, knight, you won and I lost.
You - Thanks. But are you sure you didn't hurt Wendy?
Kamek - Of course not! She came here to play Magic Cards. She is good but still has a lot to learn...
Kamek - Maybe you could teach her. Please, stay here a little more time. We would be pleased to have a player like you in the Castle.
You - Well, I guess I could stay here for a while... Until I recover my memory... Woah, I am exhausted... What a journey...

																THE END
																
After resting for a bit, the twins Elden and sheldon decide to come to the last room so you can either play with them or with Kamek and teach Wendy your strategies
										
Kamek: Let's play again! Wendy, make sure you pay attention.

Sheldon: Let's play again! We'll win this time!

